Added draft for migration guidelines (#1097)
Azure/ResourceModules: docs/wiki/Upgrade from 0.3.1 to 0.4.0.md

Migrating to this change (by overwriting the original module templates/outputs) won't affect the CI pipelines and you can use the environment as is. However, if you built solutions using relative paths to the modules, make sure you update any output reference of the same.

## Parameter file name prefix
When migrating, you may notice that many of the resource names in the module parameter files have a placeholder `<<namePrefix>>`. This placeholder is automatically replaced when executing any of the CI pipelines and as such requires changes to the [CI environment](#nameprefix-in-settingsjson) too.

You can remove these placeholders as you see fit, or migrate them together with the changes explained in the [`General pipeline updates`](#general-pipeline-updates) & [` NamePrefix in settings.json`](#nameprefix-in-settingsjson) sections of this guide.

## Version file
A `version.json` file was added to each individual module. Please make sure such a file is added to every module folder in the `arm` folder structure.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information on how versioning is handled see [here](https://github.com/Azure/ResourceModules/wiki/PipelinesDesign#publish).

```

For the modules you copy over, a `version.json` file will already be available. For any modules you created on your end, you will have to add the file yourself.

# CI environment

## General pipeline updates
General updates can be migrated by essentially copying/replacing any code outside of the `arm` folder (i.e. `.github`/`.azuredevops`/`utilities`/`docs`). If you modified the CI environment in the meantime, make sure to carefully merge any conflicting code. Noteworthy changes include:
-	renamed composite actions / templates,
-	extended placeholder handling,
-	extended pipeline functionality (e.g., managementgroup-level removal),
-	publishing of child modules and
-	overall extended publishing using `version.json` files
-	additional deployments in the dependency pipeline

## NamePrefix in settings.json

> A change that affects all modules is the introduction of the `namePrefix` property in the local `settings.json` file. This prefix is used to replace any placeholder such as `<<namePrefix>>` in any parameter file deployed in the CI pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A change that affects all modules is the introduction of the `namePrefix` property in the local `settings.json` file.
This prefix is used to simplify the introduction of a "personalized" resource name prefix, avoiding the chance of name conflict with other users.
```
